it's become a familiar scene for nearly
a week it starts with Hamas handing
captives over to the Red Cross and ends
with them safely back in Israel but
every day is unpredictable as the
next on Wednesday the wait was finally
over for families of 14 captives 10
Israelis and four Thai Nationals two
Israeli Russians were also released in a
separate deal but fears are growing for
the bbas family who have become the face
of the campaign to bring back the
captives
home Hamas says that Israeli air strikes
killed a mother and her two young
children before the ceasefire
happened Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu says the military is trying to
verify the claim that has shocked many
at just 10 months old kir bass is the
youngest captive on Tuesday his family
held a rally for him his four-year-old
brother and parents calling on Hamas and
the Israeli government to ensure their
immediate
release relatives have for days been
questioning why baby Kar wasn't released
at the beginning of the ceasefire
they've been worried that him and his
family have been kept in captivity as a
reason to extend the
ceasefire Israel is vowing to continue
with its air strikes and ground
offensive when the ceasefire ends while
maintaining bringing back all of the
captives is still a
priority
we are in complex moments and in a
window of time for the return of our
abductees we will work to exhaust it as
much as possible at the same time we are
prepared and ready to return to combat
at any time as the fate of the bias
family remains unknown the pressure on
Israel's leaders and War cabinet to
ensure the safety of the captives is
increasing by the
dayat AL jazer Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer